improved README.md for jumpstart and added LICENCE.md (#7)
nurdsoft/jumpstart: README.md

# Jumpstart

> Jumpstart is a versatile code template generator that allows you to kickstart your projects with ease.  Simply follow the instructions below to get started. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jumpstart is a versatile code template generator that allows you to kickstart your projects with ease.
```

A one-liner project description is good, devs are aware that the rest of the readme will contain setup/build instrutions.

Author: done

> ##### *It is actively under development to support different frameworks and languages, for updates please star the repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]  
> Jumpstart is under active development to support different frameworks and languages, for updates please star (or watch) the repository.
```

Reviewer: For reference: https://blog.jakelee.co.uk/github-alert-experiments/

Author: done

> ## Development -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Development
```

Author: done

```
make releases/jumpstart
```

> ## Getting started -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Getting started
```

Author: done

#### 1. Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/nurdsoft/jumpstart
```
#### 2. Build for Local Machine

> Navigate to the cloned repository and build the tool for your local machine using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to the cloned repository and build the tool for your machine using the following command:
```

Author: done

```bash
make releases/jumpstart
```

#### 3. Set Up GitHub Personal Access Token
Create a GitHub personal access token and set it as a variable GITHUB_TOKEN in your terminal profile.
```bash
export GITHUB_TOKEN=<your_token>
```
#### 4. Generate Your Project
Run the following command to generate a project:
```bash

> releases/jumpstart -t <template name> <project name>

Reviewer: How do we find what are the available templates? Is there a command for it? if yes, please list that before the generate command.
If such a command doesn't exist, we need to list all the "exact" template names somewhere.

Author: done

```

> This command will create a GitHub repository with the name ```<project name>``` and the chosen template ```<template name>```. Navigate into your project directory using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will create a private GitHub repository with the name ```<project name>``` and the chosen template ```<template name>```. Navigate into your project directory using:
```

Author: done

```
make releases/jumpstart
```
## Getting started

#### 1. Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/nurdsoft/jumpstart
```
#### 2. Build for Local Machine

Navigate to the cloned repository and build the tool for your machine using the following command:
```bash
make releases/jumpstart
```

#### 3. Set Up GitHub Personal Access Token

> Create a GitHub personal access token and set it as a variable GITHUB_TOKEN in your terminal profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a GitHub personal access token with read/write repo access and set it as a variable GITHUB_TOKEN in your terminal profile.
```

Author: done
